Allow to display custom Attributes in the Properties description (#152)
adobe/jsonschema2md: README.md

$ jsonschema2md -d examples/schemas -o examples/docs -v 06
```

> ## Display costum Attributes in the property description

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Display custom attributes in the property description
```

> `jsonschema2md` display only the attributes of an propety which are defined by  JSON Schema. If you want to display costum attributes in the property description you could provide a comma separated list with your custom attributes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`jsonschema2md` displays only the attributes of an property which are defined by the JSON Schema standard. If you want to display additional attributes in the property description you could provide a comma separated list with your custom attributes.
```
